docs:#1358 update doc about Tiered Storage properties (#1535)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/manage/shared/tiered-storage/_adjacent-segment-merging.mdx

import ClusterProperty from '../tiered-storage/_cluster-props.mdx'
import TunableClusterProperty from '../tiered-storage/_tunable-cluster-props.mdx'

> By default, and as part of housekeeping, Redpanda runs adjacent segment merging on all segments in object storage that are smaller than the threshold. Two properties control the behavior of <TunableClusterProperty name="cloud_storage_enable_segment_merging" frontmatter={props.frontmatter}/>:

Reviewer: What is the value-add for readers when you say "as part of housekeeping"? This is run regularly? If so, at what interval?

Author: clarified this

> - <TunableClusterProperty name="cloud_storage_segment_size_target" frontmatter={props.frontmatter}/>: This is the desired segment size in object storage. The default segment size is the local segment size for the topic, which is controlled by the <TunableClusterProperty name="log_segment_size" frontmatter={props.frontmatter}/> configuration property and the <code>segment.bytes</code> topic property. You can set the <code>cloud_storage_segment_size_target</code> property to a value larger than this default segment size, but because that triggers a lot of segment reuploads, it's not recommended. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <TunableClusterProperty name="cloud_storage_segment_size_target" frontmatter={props.frontmatter}/>: The desired segment size in object storage. The default segment size is the local segment size for the topic, which is controlled by the <TunableClusterProperty name="log_segment_size" frontmatter={props.frontmatter}/> configuration property and the <code>segment.bytes</code> topic property. You can set the <code>cloud_storage_segment_size_target</code> property to a value larger than this default segment size, but because this triggers a lot of segment re-uploads, it's not recommended. 
```

> - <TunableClusterProperty name="cloud_storage_segment_size_min" frontmatter={props.frontmatter}/>: This is the smallest segment size that Redpanda keeps in object storage. The default size is 50% of <TunableClusterProperty name="log_segment_size" frontmatter={props.frontmatter}/>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <TunableClusterProperty name="cloud_storage_segment_size_min" frontmatter={props.frontmatter}/>: The smallest segment size that Redpanda keeps in object storage. The default is 50% of <TunableClusterProperty name="log_segment_size" frontmatter={props.frontmatter}/>.
```

If the adjacent segment merging job finds a run of small segments, it can perform one of the following operations:

> - Merge and reupload a segment with a size up to `cloud_storage_segment_size_target`.
> - Merge and reupload a segment with a size less than `cloud_storage_segment_size_min` if there are no other options (the run of small segments is followed by the large segment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Merge and re-upload a segment with a size up to `cloud_storage_segment_size_target`.
- Merge and re-upload a segment with a size less than `cloud_storage_segment_size_min` if there are no other options (the run of small segments is followed by the large segment).
```

- Wait until new segments are added if the run is at the end of the partition.

> Suppose the <TunableClusterProperty name="cloud_storage_segment_max_upload_interval_sec" frontmatter={props.frontmatter}/> property is set and the partition contains a large number of small segments. For example, if `cloud_storage_segment_max_upload_interval_ms` is set to 10 minutes and the produce rate is 1 MiB per minute, then Redpanda uploads a new 10 MiB segment every 10 minutes. If adjacent segment merging is enabled and `cloud_storage_segment_size_target` is set to 500 MiB, then every 50 segments are reuploaded as one large 500 MiB segment. This doubles the amount of data that Redpanda uploads to object storage, but it also reduces the memory footprint of the partition, which results in better scalability. This is because 98% less memory is needed to keep information about the uploaded segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose the <TunableClusterProperty name="cloud_storage_segment_max_upload_interval_sec" frontmatter={props.frontmatter}/> property is set and the partition contains a large number of small segments. For example, if `cloud_storage_segment_max_upload_interval_ms` is set to 10 minutes and the produce rate is 1 MiB per minute, then Redpanda uploads a new 10 MiB segment every 10 minutes. If adjacent segment merging is enabled and `cloud_storage_segment_size_target` is set to 500 MiB, then every 50 segments are re-uploaded as one large 500 MiB segment. This doubles the amount of data that Redpanda uploads to object storage, but it also reduces the memory footprint of the partition, which results in better scalability because 98% less memory is needed to keep information about the uploaded segment.
```

> By default, and as part of housekeeping, Redpanda runs adjacent segment merging on all segments in object storage that are smaller than the threshold. Two properties control the behavior of <ClusterProperty name="cloud_storage_enable_segment_merging" frontmatter={props.frontmatter}/>:

Author: @shorgi can you please add `cloud_storage_enable_segment_merging` to the property reference file, so we can link on this page?

Author: @shorgi also please add `cloud_storage_idle_threshold_rps`!

Reviewer 2: @micheleRP Added props in [854c429](https://github.com/redpanda-data/documentation/pull/1535/commits/854c429e1c7f2df58750773bdae8ba412a8f1a7e)
